Superwise - Datadog Integration (#1114)
DataDog/integrations-extras: superwise/README.md

# Superwise Integration

## Overview
[Superwise][1] provides model observability for high-scale machine learning (ML) operations.
Superwise's model observability gives you visibility and context into your models' behaviors, so you can easily monitor model risks based on different use cases. With Superwise, data scientists, ML engineers, and business ops get model observability without alert fatigue, so you can be confident about your model management.  
    

![Superwise Dashboard]( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/superwise/images/5.png)  

> Superwise’s model metrics and incidents integration sends out-of-the-box model metrics, including drift, activity, incidents, and custom metrics, directly to Datadog. You’ll get an overview of which models are misbehaving that can be tailored to any use case, logic, segmentation, threshold, and sensitivity.

Author: Misbehaving means that the model does not predict the correct expected results, and this is evident by unexpected behavior on his metrics.

# Superwise Integration

## Overview
[Superwise][1]  is about solving model observability for high-scale ML operations.
Superwise model observability gives you visibility and context into your models' behaviors, so you can easily express and monitor model risks as they relate to your business. With Superwise, data scientists, ML engineers, and business ops get intuitive model observability without the alert fatigue so you can be confident about your model management and focus on the fun things in life like building newer, better models.  
    

![Superwise Dashboard]( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/superwise/images/5.png)  

> Superwise’s model metrics and incidents integration streamline results of our out-of-the-box model metrics, including drift, activity, incidents, and any custom metrics you configure, directly into Datadog app. You’ll get an immediate overview of which models are misbehaving that can be tailored to any use case, logic, segmentation, threshold, and sensitivity.

Author: In other words, the model can predict unwanted values, and the metrics we provide give him the ability to understand how to adjust the model to behave as expected

## Setup

Once a user configures the Datadog integration in Superwise, standard model metrics are sent to Datadog and users get model observability dashboards within Datadog. Users can also configure any specific model metric and incident policy and send them to Datadog for model observability tailored to their business context.

1. Go to [Superwise portal][2] and Select the integration tab.

> ![Superwise Integration]( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/superwise/images/1.png)

Reviewer: This image doesn't seem necessary.

Author: Removed

2. Click on Create a new channel and select Datadog Integration.

> ![Superwise Integration]( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/superwise/images/2.png)

Reviewer: Can you crop this image so it only shows the "Add new integration" box?

Author: Done

> 3. Input your Datadog API Key and Application key and click on the Test button. The Test button will send a dummy request to your Datadog account to validate the integration. You should get a success message in Superwise . To finish the setup click “Create channel”.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Input your Datadog API Key and Application key and click on the Test button. The Test button will send a dummy request to your Datadog account to validate the integration. You should get a success message in Superwise. To finish the setup click “Create channel”.
```

> ![Superwise Integration]( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/superwise/images/6.png)

Reviewer: Please don't include API / APP key in screenshots. Make sure to rotate your keys since they are in the screenshot. Could you also crop the image to only show the "Add new Datadog channel" box?

Author: Done

> 3. That's it, Now you can see a widget of new integration with Datdog and that it (:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. That's it, now you can see the new Datadog integration widget.
```

> ![Superwise Integration]( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/superwise/images/3.png)

Reviewer: Could you crop image so it only shows the integration widget?

Author: Done

>  ### Validation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Validation
```

Go to the metric explorer section of the Datadog app to verify the integration between Superwise and Datadog,

> Superwise sent the superwise.integration.test metric to Datadog to validate the integration.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within Datadog, go to the Metrics Explorer and search for the superwise.integration.test metric to verify that the integration between Superwise and Datadog was successful. 
```

> ![Superwise Integration]( https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/master/superwise/images/4.png)   

Reviewer: Could you crop this image to only show the metrics explorer and graph?

Author: Done

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][3] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Events

The Superwise integration does not include any events.

### Service Checks

The Superwise integration does not include any service checks.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Superwise support][4].

[1]: https://www.superwise.ai/
[2]: https://portal.superwise.ai/
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/check/metadata.csv

> [4]: https://docs.superwise.ai

Reviewer 2: Is there a support email that can be used here? Otherwise, line 51 should be changed to something along the lines of "Need help? Take a look at our docs"

# Superwise Integration

## Overview
[Superwise][1] provides model observability for high-scale machine learning (ML) operations.
Superwise's model observability gives you visibility and context into your models' behaviors, so you can easily monitor model risks based on different use cases. With Superwise, data scientists, ML engineers, and business ops get model observability without alert fatigue, so you can be confident about your model management.  
    
![Superwise Dashboard][2]

> Superwise’s model metrics and incidents integration sends out-of-the-box model metrics, including drift, activity, incidents, and custom metrics, directly to Datadog. You’ll get an overview of which models are not predicting the expected results, which can be configured to any use case, logic, segmentation, threshold, and sensitivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Superwise’s model metrics and incidents integration sends out-of-the-box model metrics, including drift, activity, incidents, and custom metrics, directly to Datadog. You get an overview of which models are not predicting the expected results, which can be configured to any use case, logic, segmentation, threshold, and sensitivity.
```

With the Datadog integration configured in Superwise, standard model metrics are sent to Datadog, and users get model observability dashboards in Datadog. You can configure any specific model metric and incident policy, and send them to Datadog for model observability that is tailored to your use case.

## Setup

1. Go to [Superwise portal][3] and select **Integrations**.

2. Click **Create a new channel** and select **Datadog**.

![Superwise - Add new integration][4]

3. Input your Datadog API Key and Application key, and click **Test**. A test request is sent to your Datadog account to validate the integration. If the request was successfully sent, there is a message in Superwise saying the test was delivered successfully. To finish the setup, click **Create channel**.

![Superwise - Add new Datadog channel][5]

3. That's it, now you can see the new Datadog integration widget.

> ![Superwise Integration][6]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![Superwise Integration][6]
```
